Add KIC FeatureGate with Helm instructions (#5591)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/references/feature-gates.md

{:.important}
>**Important:** To avoid disruption to your services consider not using features until they have reached GA status. 

### Using feature gates

> To enable feature gates you can provide the `--feature-gates` flag when launching KIC, or set the `CONTROLLER_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable feature gates, provide the `--feature-gates` flag when launching KIC, or set the `CONTROLLER_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable.
```

> Feature gates are a comma delimited set of `key=value` pairs. If you wanted to enable `CombinedRoutes` and `CombinedServices`, you'd set `CONTROLLER_FEATURE_GATES=CombinedRoutes=true,CombinedServices=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature gates consist of a comma-delimited set of `key=value` pairs. For example, if you wanted to enable `CombinedRoutes` and `CombinedServices`, you'd set `CONTROLLER_FEATURE_GATES=CombinedRoutes=true,CombinedServices=true`.
```
Suggesting "consist of a" instead of "are a" for better subject-verb agreement.
